Q1. What is Emmet?
Ans. Emmet is the essential toolkit for web-developers. It allows you to type shortcuts that are then 
     expanded into full-fledged boiler plate code for writing HTML and CSS.
(basically yeh allow krta h agr hum shortcut likhte h to yeh convert kr deta h full fledge code m).

Q2. Difference between a library and Framework?
      
Ans. LIBRARY:
     A key difference between the two is Inversion of control. When using a library, the control 
     remains with the developer who tells the application when to call library functions.
     
     FRAMEWORK:
     When using a framework, the control is reversed, which means that the framework tells the 
     developer where code needs to be provided and calls it as it requires.

Q3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Ans. CDN stands for Content Delivery Network. It is a network that helps to speed up web page loading for web users. 
     It is basically a distributed system of servers that stores the data by the use of Amazon Web services or Google Cloud 
     storage and it serves that data to the user via the nearest server so that the loading or buffering of web pages is 
     low.

Q4. Why is React Known as React?
Ans. React is a JavaScript Library. The name ‘React’ was chosen because the library was designed to allow developers to 
     react to changes in state and data within an application, and to update the user interface in a declarative and 
     efficient manner.

Q5. What is CROSSORIGIN in script tag?
Ans. The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request. A cross-origin request is a request 
     for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.

Q6. What is CORS ?
Ans. CORS is used to manage cross-origin requests.
     CORS stands for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing, and is a mechanism that allows resources on a web page to be requested from 
     another domain outside their own domain. It defines a way of how a browser and server can interact to determine whether it is 
     safe to allow the cross-origin request. CORS allows servers to specify who can access the assets on the server, among many other things

Q7. What is Difference between React and ReactDOM?
Ans.  React -
            React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces . React focuses on the logic and structure of UI components,
      ReactDOM -
              ReactDOM is a separate package that provides DOM-specific methods for rendering React components in a web browser.
              ReactDOM handles the interaction with the browser's Document Object Model (DOM) to display those components

Q8. What is Difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Ans. Development (Dev) Link:
                # The development link is typically used during the development phase of your application.
                # It includes additional debugging tools, warnings, and helpful error messages.
                # It is larger in file size and may negatively impact the performance of your application.
                # It is not optimised for production use.
				
	 Production (Prod) Link:
                # The production link is meant for deploying your application in a production environment.
                # It excludes development-specific tools, warnings, and error messages.
                # It is smaller in file size, which improves the…
                # It is optimized for production use.

Q9. What is Async and Defer?
Ans. 